---
title: D-99
slug: d-99
date: "2023-09-04"
---

While I am excited to celebrate my remaining 99 days until discharge, I am also getting some conflicted feelings. I have been counting days since the enlistment waiting to reach this day, but it is not easy to lift the thoughts of having to leave my home, Korea, and family. Due to my return to work in Jan 1st 2024, it left me with no choice but leave to U.S. as soon as the discharge, Dec 12. 2023. It is an awkward zero-sum situation, where my excitement of discharge is getting "compensated" with depression of leaving home. Of course, I could have chosen to stay but as I have made a somewhat big sacrifice in my career having to go to the Army, the cost of staying will be expensive. In the other hand, I have realized that the lifestyle in Korea is beyond what I have expected. It is far better than living the U.S. in ways such as food, community, and leisure. And most importantly, it is easier to see my family. After recognizing the challenges of detachment from the family, my worries grow as I am preparing to start working in the U.S. again. 

Frankly, I have already decided to go back and leave, and I am not in the middle of decision. But I know for sure that my life in Korea will be missed and the thoughts of coming back to Korea will slowly creep in as I am working in the states. Not sure when this will be. It might be as soon as I go back or later when I have my own family and have already settled. But when the time comes, as we make any of our decisions, I just want to minimize the regrets. 